Update wise.md (#2154)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/credentials/wise.md

<iframe width="840" height="472.5" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hys2lDEScUE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Personal Token SCA

> When making a request to an SCA protected endpoint, a 403 Forbidden HTTP status code is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making a request to an SCA protected endpoint, Wise returns a 403 Forbidden HTTP status code.
```

> When making a request to an SCA protected endpoint, Wise returns a 403 Forbidden HTTP status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making a request to an SCA (strong customer authentication) protected endpoint, Wise returns a 403 Forbidden HTTP status code.
```

> SCA is required on Get Statements, and Funds transfer request. It is disabled when using test endpoints.

Reviewer: Heya! Not 100% clear what is being referred to here. If possible, could you match to the operation names in n8n? So for example, if SCA is required for Transfer > Create operations, or for all Transfer operations?

Author: Its not clear where SCA is needed. So and to my knowledge  it is `Get Statements` and `Funds`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCA is required on some operations. Refer to [Wise documentation | Strong Customer Authentication & 2FA](https://docs.wise.com/api-docs/features/strong-customer-authentication-2fa) for details. It is disabled when using test endpoints.
```

> If SCA is required, Wise returns an error similar to below : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If SCA is required, Wise returns an error similar to below: 
```

> If SCA is required an error similar ot below returnd from Wise: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If SCA is required, Wise returns an error similar to below : 
```

> SCA is required on some operations. Refer to [Wise documentation | Strong Customer Authentication & 2FA](https://docs.wise.com/api-docs/features/strong-customer-authentication-2fa) for details. It is disabled when using test endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCA is required on some operations. Refer to [Wise documentation | Strong Customer Authentication & 2FA](https://docs.wise.com/api-docs/features/strong-customer-authentication-2fa){:target=_blank .external-link} for details. It is disabled when using test endpoints.
```

> This request requires Strong Customer Authentication (SCA). Please add a key pair to your account and n8n credentials. See https://api-docs.transferwise.com/#strong-customer-authentication-personal-token

> To enable signing a token we need to create and add a public and private key  and add the public key to wise. In user [profile settings](https://wise.com/settings/public-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable signing a token you need to create and add a public and private key. Add the public key to Wise in user [profile settings](https://wise.com/settings/public-keys){:target=_blank .external-link}.
```

> As a first step we need to generate an RSA key pair:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate an RSA key pair:
```

```sh
$ openssl genrsa -out private.pem 2048 
$ openssl rsa -pubout -in private.pem -out public.pem
```

> With the generated keys, we now need to add them to n8n and Wise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the generated keys, add them to n8n and Wise:
```

> - Add the content of the public key `public.pem` to your Wise user [profile settings](https://wise.com/settings/public-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the content of the public key `public.pem` to your Wise user [profile settings](https://wise.com/settings/public-keys){target=_blank .external-link}.
```

> - Add the content of the private key `private.pem` to your n8n Wise Credential under `Private Key (Optional)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the content of the private key `private.pem` to your n8n Wise Credential under **Private Key (Optional)**.
```
